ALEC-227: ALEC docs: update installation section (#101)
OpenNMS/alec: docs/modules/install/pages/requirements.adoc

= Requirements

> Before installing ALEC, we assume that you already have an instance of OpenNMS Horizon 30.0.1 or greater up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before installing ALEC, we assume that you already have an instance of OpenNMS Horizon 30.0.1 or greater up and running (see https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/deployment/core/introduction.html[OpenNMS deployment] for help on getting started with OpenNMS).
```

> (See link:https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/deployment/core/introduction.html[OpenNMS deployment] for help on getting started with OpenNMS.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> We also recommend setting up link:https://grafana.com/plugins/opennms-helm-app[OpenNMS Helm] (requires 3.0.0 or greater) to view and manage the situations, as well as link:https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch[Elasticsearch] (requires 6.3.0 or greater) to maintain event and alarm history for training purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also recommend setting up https://grafana.com/plugins/opennms-helm-app[OpenNMS Helm] (3.0.0 or greater is required) to view and manage situations, as well as https://www.elastic.co/products/elasticsearch[Elasticsearch] (6.3.0 or greater is required) to maintain event and alarm history for training purposes.
```

> (See the https://docs.opennms.com/helm/latest/index.html[HELM documentation] and https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/31/operation/deep-dive/elasticsearch/introduction.html[Elasticsearch integration] for more information.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the https://docs.opennms.com/helm/latest/index.html[HELM documentation] and https://docs.opennms.com/horizon/latest/operation/deep-dive/elasticsearch/introduction.html[Elasticsearch integration] documentation for more information.
```
